Hey, good morning family. I have a word for you all here. Well, basically, I just wanted to do some highlights of some of the words that the Lord has given me because last night whenever I was praying about things—and just about the word that I gave yesterday and how heavy it was and what the Lord had showed me—first of all, I want to say this: I have gotten a lot of trolls on this video saying that I copied a man of God's word and brought it on here and that I was saying everything that he was saying.
John Paul Jackson is his name. I said right before I quoted this, I was given a video from one of my YouTube family, one of the people on here; they sent me an email and they said, 'Look, this is something you could tell the people about all the needs that they're going to need and what they need to have,'and everything.
Because I was praying about this already and I was asking the Lord, 'What do you want me to tell the people?'because everybody's needs are different throughout the world.
I have listeners from everywhere; I mean literally, I look at where they're at, and I have thousands of people in Africa, thousands of people in Europe, in Asia, and everywhere.
So it's different for everybody, so I'm praying and I'm seeking the Lord, and then I have a sister in the Lord give me the video and say, 'Hey, look right here, you could tell them, and this part of the video, watch this right here, and you can maybe tell your listeners how to prepare for what's coming.'So I was excited about it, so I brought those four things he said of what's true needs and all that, and people did not hear me say it, obviously, or they did hear me say it and they just want to be a troll.
I don't know, I'm trying to figure it out. It's right there; I can even put the timestamp of when I said it. This was given to me and I'm trying to help you.
I wasn't saying this whole prophetic word was from John Paul Jackson; that was from the Lord, and bottom line is, it distracts from what God is trying to help you all with.
I know the people are reading the comments and they're making stuff up on there and they're being that way, and I hate to even bring this up, but I'm really concerned where everybody's at in the body of Christ.
There's so many people that are distracted by some of the dumbest stuff.
Where we are going, I don't want to—like I said, I'm not wanting to be a fearmonger. I'm not wanting to scare people.
I told you all in that video that I saw people in white suits that were covered in a glory that looked like honey.
It was not honey; I'm not telling you to go buy honey and eat honey.
People are saying, 'Okay, I'm going to go buy a lot of honey and eat honey.'No, do not go buy honey and eat honey.
The honey is a representation of what I'm trying to explain.
I'm trying to talk to you and tell you about what the glory looks like in the spirit realm; it looked like honey.
It's a type and shadow. Do not go buy honey and eat a lot of honey.
I did not say that was going to protect you with this virus or this plague that's coming.
It may, I don't know, maybe that was the type and shadow. I have no idea. It sounds foolish; that's what I'm trying to tell you.
I'm not trying to pick at anybody either, I'm just trying to tell you all when I'm trying to describe something out of the spirit of what the Lord is showing me, it looked like honey.
The glory of the Lord was radiating out of that human body that the Lord showed me, and it was going out about three feet, just like it talks about in the Bible that they would go and line up people down the alleyways and stuff, that even the shadow of Peter would touch them and they would be healed.
That was the anointing of the Holy Ghost; it was so thick and so strong in those believers, the disciples, that the power of God—the energy of the Holy Ghost—was that much in them that it was coming out of them, that it was even the width of the shadow and it was touching the people that were sick and they were being healed by the power of God.
And so the Lord was showing me that same kind of a manifestation of His glory for what's coming.
'If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done.'That kind of power is because we're abiding in Him.
His words are going to be about Him, as I have told you in the last video; you need to get the foundation of the word inside of you.
You need to get that so deep inside of you for what's coming. It is not about fear.
When I told you about probably ten videos back, the Lord said there's a great storm coming, and I told you about this great storm and I told you all about the wall, and I told you that Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 would be what saves you in the storm that's coming.
Every word that I have given has kind of piggybacked on the other word, and they are all like a big puzzle.
So when He told you in that word—go back and look at 'The Great Storm Coming,'it has about a hundred thousand views on there; it'll really bless you—I told you that Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 are going to be your wall for this storm.
You will have to know the word of God for what's coming or you're not going to make it.
I talked to you about the 350 million worldwide, and people are saying, 'Well, there's only 350 million people in the United States, that's everybody.'No, please listen to me, please.
This is not about the United States only; this is about waking up the church.
This is about a shaking of the world. This is about Jesus Christ coming back.
And then people say, 'Is this something that's happening before the Rapture or after the Rapture?'Y'all, whenever I went into the tribulation vision, I did not see a lot; I was shown a lot about the Christians that were left because they were living in compromise.
They were living in a state of sin; they believed in salvation but they went back to the trash they thought they were being saved from.
You cannot live a Christian life that you say you're living and live like the devil. You live like Jesus; you don't live like the devil.
And so when you're trying to say, 'Well, I'm a Christian,'is there any separation from you?
If you were to be in a lineup to say that person's a Christian and that person's the world, we are to be the salt; we're to stand out.
And if you're not standing out, you're not going. Ten virgins: five had their lamps full of the oil, five did not.
The ones that do not have the oil filled in their lamps, I believe because of the parable that Jesus gave us and the explanation, are the ones that will be left.
If you are not filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in your life and you are praying and seeking Him on a daily basis—not just on Sunday—if you are not having a relationship with Him, this is where I'm at, this is where the Bible's at.
I'm telling you this is what Jesus said: 'You prophesied in My name, you've done all these things in My name, but depart from Me, I never knew you.'He told us this.
Then it even talks about it in Ephesians, it talks about this in Romans, it talks about it there in Acts; it talks about it in so many different places that the people were living in sin.
The Apostle Paul was addressing the church; he was talking to the church about living in sin.
If you're in adultery, if you're in fornication, if you're practicing all these things in sin, you will not be able to inherit the kingdom of God.
An inheritance is something that you receive after you die.
So if you're not able to receive it, he's not talking—you don't receive an inheritance if you're not part of the kingdom.
You need to be a born-again believer to receive an inheritance.
You have to enter into the kingdom of God, and then when you're in the kingdom of God, you have to inherit the kingdom of God.
An inheritance is for the believer. The Apostle Paul was talking to the church: not living in adultery, not living in all these things.
He had a huge list and he addressed each church, and he talked about it in Ephesians, he talked about it over and over and over again in the word.
So he's trying to warn the believer: you cannot live in these things and think that grace alone is saving you and you can live like the world.
You have to be separated and be holy unto Him. Yeah, we mess up; and I'm going to tell you this: yes, we mess up.
You know, I may drop a bad word every once in a while, I might get mad, stub my toe, or say something stupid, and you do, and that's just flesh sometimes.
You know what? Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
We're all a work in progress, but I'm talking about somebody who is deliberately living what He said not to do.
It's not somebody who's going, 'Man, I don't want to live this way.'But sometimes my flesh is weak, and I have a bad day and I repent. I don't run from God when I sin; I run to God when I sin.
But some of these people think, 'I can live this way and make it a lifestyle, live a lifestyle of compromise, live a lifestyle of sin, and I'm still going to make the Rapture.'You are mistaken.
I have seen literally tens of thousands when I went to tribulation with Jesus that were left here thinking that they were okay and their lamps were full and everything was okay and great.
The Rapture is not salvation; many that are saved will not make the Rapture if they're not living in a godly state.
You all kind of think, 'Well, it's just entitled to me because I said a sinner's prayer.'No, it's working out your salvation with fear and trembling.
You need to know that you have to be holy as Jesus is holy, practicing a holy lifestyle.
It's not living like the world and thinking, 'Well, I'm qualified; I'm sealed unto the day of redemption,'like I heard one person say.
No, you're sealed by the power of the Lord if you're practicing a godly lifestyle.
You're not living like hell and thinking, 'Well, I'm a Christian.'No.
If you can't tell any difference between you and Jay-Z, you have a problem.
If you can't tell a difference between you and some of these rap people living like the world and you go, 'Well, you know, my life is no different than theirs; I just say I'm a Jesus lover; I love the Lord.'No, we have got to separate ourselves and we've got to be like Jesus, practice what He says to do in the Bible, and be a godly influence.
You say, 'Well, I'll never be able to match up to Jesus.'No, but you're trying; you keep your heart right before Him and you're seeking Him and you say, 'Jesus, I love you; I want to be more like you.
I don't want to be more like the hip-hop stars; I want to be more like Jesus.'In that, I'm a work in progress; I'm being renewed.
I'm working out my salvation, I'm doing all this, and I'm seeking you, Father, and I know that in the process of life, I'm becoming more like you, but I don't want to be more like the world.
So that was another thing. Does this happen before or after the Rapture?
I believe we are going to see a great shaking before the Rapture of the church.
That will be the refiner's fire—that's a video or two back—a refiner's fire, a great thing.
And this is what I told everybody: I didn't see the plague two or three days ago like I do now.
The Lord showed me; He said people will say around the world that there has been a great Ichabod.
If you look at that word, I didn't understand what that meant until a lot of people brought it up and I started studying it out. It's like I told you: He's going to be silent in a test.
During this thing that we're about to see through finances, through all these things, the Lord showed me it will feel like you've been abandoned, but there is a glorious remnant that will rise up in this refiner's fire and lay hands on the sick.
And they will cover... this is another thing that I just felt in my spirit: we are wanting to populate heaven and we're wanting to depopulate hell.
If Jesus Christ was to come right now as we speak, a lot of people would go to hell.
But people are like, 'Well, He's coming back in September, this month, any day now.'No, I hate to say this—I'm telling you I expect Him anytime—I just want to tell you I believe Jesus could come back at any time.
But if He does right now, a lot of people are going to hell. I personally believe we have some more time.
I believe it will be on the Shemitah cycles, and a lot of people don't understand that.
If you go read Rabbi Jonathan Cahn's books and listen to what he says about the Shemitah cycles and about the seven-year cycles—we entered into a seven-year cycle.
Some people say we entered into the tribulation already; no, we have not.
Tribulation is hell on earth; it has not started yet. I'm telling you, you're missing it.
I believe we will go through some stuff called the birthing pains.
Whenever I told you Isaiah 60:1, 'Arise, shine, for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us,'for there is great darkness on the earth and gross darkness will cover the people.
It's because I told you there's compromise. This is what's happening.
There's a compromise that's entered into the American culture and the churches worldwide.
In Australia, wherever, there is a compromise being preached in the pulpit, and when you do not preach holiness and you don't preach repentance, it affects the morals of the nation.
It affects the people and it starts trickling down; it starts at the head of the church first, and then the church teaches the family and the unit, and then there becomes a holiness and a purity inside of the church, and then it affects the nation.
Then we're all upset about the politics of America, and they're like, 'Well, why is America going this way?
Why do we have all this craziness going on?'Because the church is the leader of everything.
God put us to be the salt of the earth, and when the church isn't doing right, it starts affecting the morals of the nation.
Look what happened: we took prayer out of schools, then people started getting crazy in schools.
When you start taking the Ten Commandments off things, you start taking off loving the Lord thy God with all your heart, mind, soul, and strength and love your neighbor as yourself and you operate in those commandments, look at what happens.
Literally, the decay of the culture of the world starts to happen all around us because you become a godless people.
You have to have Christ centered in your marriage, Christ centered in your home, and He has to be the cornerstone of your house.
He has to be the foundation of everything you believe so that you have a godly marriage, a godly lifestyle, and godly children growing up.
And as the decay of the culture of America happens—because we've replaced the Bible with what was MTV back then, with YouTube videos, and with Taylor Swift and all these people, the Kardashians—you're replacing the Bible with these people and you're feeding on that more than you're feeding on the word.
You take more time listening to trash than you do listening to some preacher from Sunday and re-watching it. Feed on the word.
So the decay of the culture of America has happened; the decay of the culture of the world, Europe, everything, and it's become a godless people.
So what I'm trying to tell you is, in that process, we're going to see a great shaking, and I really believe this with all my heart.
The people who are awake right now will prepare. I got persecuted for trying to help people on how to prepare, and people get all upset.
Like I said, I get all kinds of crazy emails. People have some problems.
I'm telling you, when you're just trying to be a blessing to people—and like I said, I am not here to try to create a platform for myself—I get all kinds of hate about it.
I'm here because Jesus told me to be here. If you want to call me a false prophet, you want to call me these things, that's fine; that's on you.
But the Bible said, 'Touch not my prophets and do them no harm.'I'm going to pray for you that God has mercy on you because you're opening a door for an attack on your life.
I have not done anything to you other than trying to tell you the love of God.
All I'm trying to tell you is Jesus loves you and you need to get right before Him because He's coming.
Now, if you want to call me a false prophet for telling you that, and to tell you the things that are coming, you want to throw eggs at me and be mean and threaten my family, then God bless you and I pray for you.
But I'm trying to help you. I'm trying to help you all. God bless you guys.
But I'm going to tell you, I tried to warn you about the 'casualty of war'the Lord mentioned: when a general dies, when you see somebody in the army who goes home like a John Paul Jackson or a Kim Clement—and you all call these people false—they were men of God.
Their gifts and their callings did not stop. If they didn't finish the race and they were robbed, it's called a casualty of war.
A mantle, those giftings, that stuff that didn't finish the race, has to be fulfilled.
That mantle has to keep going because God calls another general to fill that place; He calls more people to help do that.
Go and do this; I have you on assignment. Do you know what I'm saying? I am not saying I am those men.
I don't even feel like I'm worthy to even tie their shoes, but I'm telling you in my heart, those assignments that they had will start being spread to other prophetic voices to warn the people that this is what's coming.
If the word sounds similar, it's because it's the same vein and the same anointing being distributed to His prophetic voices because they did not get to finish their race.
It was a casualty of war. Does that make sense to you all? So God brings up new people to finish the war before His coming. It doesn't end; the gift doesn't die.
It doesn't say, 'Well, it's over, sorry, it was a casualty of war.'No, He raises up another general like He would do in World War II or World War I or whatever.
And they have to keep running the race to finish what God has called us to do in these end times.
That's why when you hear other prophetic voices—because you try to compare me to other people—they sound similar because the heartbeat of the Spirit is the same.
There's no difference in time; there's no difference in season.
He's the same God yesterday, today, and forever, and He's telling His people the same thing.
So when you get in this flow of the Spirit, it's not that the person's false; it's because he's following the heart of the Father.
It's not plagiarism. I don't even listen to these people; I'm telling you, I don't have time for it. I'm working very hard to supply, and now I'm doing this.
Any of the gifts and everything, it's been a blessing for me because I have to take away from my work so I can be a blessing to you all in doing these videos. This is just all new to me; I'm just starting out.
I'm not trying to complain right now; I'm trying to tell you my heart is that I really truly do have a compassion to help people and that the Lord has assigned me to do this.
He told me this: I would rather be the hermit that I was and just have my glory days.
I have to focus because it's a lot of pressure with Facebook and Truth Social and all this stuff, looking at the comments and trying to make sure that people are getting what they need and are fed.
With the Facebook thing, I had to switch from a public page because I had all kinds of weirdos doing dark stuff, trying to solicit men on there.
Women, like women of the night, were trying to get the Christian men, and I was like, 'This is like Sodom and Gomorrah over here.
I gotta stop this.'So I'm turning off that and I'm starting my own private thing.
I'm only allowed 5,000 people on that Facebook platform, so once it's full, it's full.
I'm sorry, I just cannot allow the wolves to come in and try to tempt the men of God and try to mess with my people. I feel responsible for that kind of stuff.
When I'm not there and I look at the comment section, I see they're having private conversations, and I'm going, 'Oh dear God, this is not good.
I've got to fix this.'So I go in and I try to be like the daddy with a little stick and go, 'No, no, no, we can't do this.'I have to erase all this stuff and go, 'No, it's time for people to grow up.'But like I said, I'm turning off that side of Facebook and I'm doing my own little private thing where I can monitor who's coming in there.
If you do not have a picture on your name, if you do not have some kind of face and it's just a blank thing where I can't see who you are and it doesn't show a description of who you are, I'm not going to let you in.
I am going to monitor very closely who's in there. People want me to tell them what to invest in, where to put their money, or what to buy for your household; all that stuff is not what I'm here for.
My job is to tell you what the Holy Spirit has told me to tell you. He's telling me there's a storm coming.
Jesus is coming, and you need to know how to stand by faith, how to pray in the Holy Ghost, and how to do the fundamentals that every believer should be doing already, to encourage you to do this because if you do not do these fundamentals, you are in trouble.
I love you guys and I'm so thankful that you're here. I'm so thankful that you're a part of our YouTube community and my Facebook. No, I don't do Instagram; Instagram's trash.
I'm so grateful and so thankful for all the blessings, for all the gifts, and for all the support that you've given—the little Super Thanks and all that; it's a real blessing to us.
Links are in the description for Facebook if you want to join.
I think I'm almost up to 500 in this new thing because I had over a thousand in the last one, and I'm trying to transfer it over.
If you want to follow, fine. If you don't, that's great; there's no pressure.
I put articles on there and I'm trying to tell people and point them in the direction of who I think the Antichrist is.
I try to point you in the direction of things that I will not say on a public platform.
I just try to point people: 'Look here, look here.'But just to make a recap real fast, the Lord showed me the 350 million, and that will be worldwide.
He showed me the 30 million over the United States, which would be catastrophic; that's a huge amount of people.
He showed me about the Great Wall—the wall of protection. He showed me about the Ichabod.
He showed me about the python coming up out of the water trying to wrap around the United States with the great earthquake.
If we divide Jerusalem and we see a two-state solution come to pass, know that within a couple of days—probably three days after the two-state solution has taken place—we will see this major earthquake.
I've seen the dollar crash. I saw a new digital platform coming.
I saw food lines. I saw cobwebs in the corners of the shelves.
After you see all those things that I've told you when you look at each individual video of the warnings the Lord has told me, hopefully, this will help you put a picture together of where we are.
So I hope this blesses you all, and thank you for watching. If you're still watching, God bless you guys.
I'm going to pray for you right now. Father, I just thank You, Lord, for my family here.
I just believe, Father, for clarity, for wisdom, and for their thoughts to be clear, that their minds are focused on You, knowing who they are in Christ, knowing that they don't have to be tormented by fear or by demonic spirits.
We have authority over the devil in this earth. Father, You've given us power and authority to tread on all serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
You gave us Psalm 91; You gave us Psalm 23; You gave us these beautiful passages of scripture that we can live by.
I thank You, Father, that we rise up and we are the salt of the earth, that we separate ourselves, that we're not cold and we're not lukewarm, but we are hot for You.
I thank You, Father, that You are delivering us from a lukewarm spirit, that we become hot for Jesus, because in being passionate and having a relationship with You, there is great divine protection in these last days.
Being lukewarm, You said You spew us out of Your mouth; being cold, You don't even recognize us.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, that we are not cold and we're not lukewarm, but we are hot for Jesus.
I just thank You, Lord; give us revelation knowledge. We will flow freely, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank You, Lord, that You speak to our spirits and our minds, and our minds are renewed by the word of God.
We hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank You, Lord, that You speak through us. We are the salt of the earth.
We are that place where we go into the places of the earth—the grocery stores, the gas stations, whatever—and we show the love of God to people.
When they see us, they say, 'There's something different about you.'Just like whenever I pray for my dogs and people say, 'There's something different about your puppies; there's an anointing on your dogs.'They don't know it's an anointing, but there's a presence on your dogs.
They get peace from the Holy Ghost being imparted. You impart peace into Your children; impart the presence of the Lord into your everyday life and into your business.
Walk with Him, abide in Him, and He will abide in you. Thank You, Lord, for the manifestations of the presence of God in these last days.
Thank You, Lord, that that glorious outpouring is coming on Your remnant.
Thank You, Lord, that there is a heavenly glow around and about us like honey.
Father, there is no devil in hell that can penetrate the power of God. Christ in us, the hope of glory.
In You, Father, we can do exploits; we can do great and mighty things because of You, Father.
I thank You, Lord, there is none of us and all of You in us. Christ in us, the hope of glory.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of You in these last days and not of us, Father.
I thank You, Lord, that it'll be all about You. It'll be everything about Jesus and what He's done for us, that we're not walking in fear about a plague.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for Psalm 91. We thank You, Lord, for Your blessing of Psalm 91, and we memorize that.
We get it down inside of us so that no plague comes nigh. Thank You, Father.
We give You all the glory and all the honor and all the praise.
We rise up and grow up spiritually, and we feed on the meat of the word that it makes us strong.
We're not on the milk like a baby; we grow up and go from glory to glory. Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Jesus, for Your blood.
Thank You, Lord, for Your presence and Your blood that covered us from all our sins.
We make much of the blood today. Thank You for the blood that covers us. Thank You, Lord, for Your covering.
Lord, we give You honor and glory and praise in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody say, 'Amen.'And we call healing for your bodies and for your finances.
Sorry, I always want to pray for that, so you're healed and whole and well.
And we thank You, Lord, for everyone that is suffering from sickness and disease.
We pray blessing and healing power over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over sickness and disease, and we thank You, Lord, that You've delivered them from this.
You've already done it, and we receive what You've done by faith.
And we speak to those things, and we call those things that be not as though they were over their lives in Jesus'name.
And we give You all the glory and all the praise for what You've already done, Lord, in Jesus'name.
All right, y'all, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you so much, you all. And we thank you for being a part of our little community here. God bless you guys, and we'll see you next time. Bye-bye.